Candidate: CVE-2016-5115
PublicDate: 2016-05-30
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-5115
Description:
 OOB read while parsing a mp3 file
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
 https://trac.mplayerhq.hu/ticket/2298
Priority: low
Discovered-by: Gustavo Grieco
Assigned-to:

Patches_mplayer:
upstream_mplayer: needs-triage
precise_mplayer: needs-triage
trusty_mplayer: needs-triage
vivid/stable-phone-overlay_mplayer: DNE
vivid/ubuntu-core_mplayer: DNE
wily_mplayer: DNE
xenial_mplayer: needs-triage
devel_mplayer: needs-triage

Patches_ffmpeg:
upstream_ffmpeg: needs-triage
precise_ffmpeg: DNE
trusty_ffmpeg: DNE
vivid/stable-phone-overlay_ffmpeg: DNE
vivid/ubuntu-core_ffmpeg: DNE
wily_ffmpeg: needs-triage
xenial_ffmpeg: needs-triage
devel_ffmpeg: needs-triage

Patches_libav:
upstream_libav: needs-triage
precise_libav: deferred (2016-05-30)
trusty_libav: needs-triage
vivid/stable-phone-overlay_libav: DNE
vivid/ubuntu-core_libav: DNE
wily_libav: DNE
xenial_libav: DNE
devel_libav: DNE
