Candidate: CVE-2018-10243
PublicDate: 2019-04-04
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2018-10243
Description:
 htp_parse_authorization_digest in htp_parsers.c in LibHTP 0.5.26 allows
 remote attackers to cause a heap-based buffer over-read via an
 authorization digest header.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:


Patches_suricata:
upstream_suricata: needs-triage
precise/esm_suricata: DNE
trusty_suricata: needs-triage
xenial_suricata: needs-triage
bionic_suricata: needs-triage
cosmic_suricata: needs-triage
disco_suricata: needs-triage
devel_suricata: needs-triage

Patches_libhtp:
upstream_libhtp: needs-triage
precise/esm_libhtp: DNE
trusty_libhtp: needs-triage
xenial_libhtp: needs-triage
bionic_libhtp: needs-triage
cosmic_libhtp: needs-triage
disco_libhtp: needs-triage
devel_libhtp: needs-triage

Patches_htp:
upstream_htp: needs-triage
precise/esm_htp: DNE
trusty_htp: needs-triage
xenial_htp: needs-triage
bionic_htp: needs-triage
cosmic_htp: needs-triage
disco_htp: needs-triage
devel_htp: needs-triage
