Candidate: CVE-2016-10735
PublicDate: 2019-01-09
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-10735
 https://blog.getbootstrap.com/2018/12/13/bootstrap-3-4-0/
 https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/issues/20184
 https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/issues/27915#issuecomment-452140906
 https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/pull/23679
 https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/pull/23687
 https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/pull/26460
Description:
 In Bootstrap 3.x before 3.4.0 and 4.x-beta before 4.0.0-beta.2, XSS is
 possible in the data-target attribute, a different vulnerability than
 CVE-2018-14041.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: low
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:


Patches_twitter-bootstrap:
upstream_twitter-bootstrap: needs-triage
precise/esm_twitter-bootstrap: DNE
trusty_twitter-bootstrap: needs-triage
xenial_twitter-bootstrap: needs-triage
bionic_twitter-bootstrap: needs-triage
cosmic_twitter-bootstrap: needs-triage
devel_twitter-bootstrap: needs-triage

Patches_twitter-bootstrap3:
upstream_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage
precise/esm_twitter-bootstrap3: DNE
trusty_twitter-bootstrap3: DNE
xenial_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage
bionic_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage
cosmic_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage
devel_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage

Patches_twitter-bootstrap4:
upstream_twitter-bootstrap4: needs-triage
precise/esm_twitter-bootstrap4: DNE
trusty_twitter-bootstrap4: DNE
xenial_twitter-bootstrap4: DNE
bionic_twitter-bootstrap4: DNE
cosmic_twitter-bootstrap4: DNE
devel_twitter-bootstrap4: needs-triage
