Candidate: CVE-2011-3372
PublicDate: 2011-09-14
References:
 http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2011-3372
 http://secunia.com/advisories/46093/
Description:
 the command processing of the NNTP server implementation (nttpd) of
 cyrus-imapd is not properly implementing access restrictions for certain
 commands and is not checking for a complete, successful authentication.
 An attacker can use this flaw to bypass access restrictions for some
 commands and, e.g. exploit CVE-2011-3208 without proper authentication.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by: Stefan Cornelius
Assigned-to:

Patches_cyrus-imapd-2.2:
upstream_cyrus-imapd-2.2: needs-triage
hardy_cyrus-imapd-2.2: needed
lucid_cyrus-imapd-2.2: needed
maverick_cyrus-imapd-2.2: needed
natty_cyrus-imapd-2.2: needed
oneiric_cyrus-imapd-2.2: needed
devel_cyrus-imapd-2.2: needed

Patches_cyrus-imapd-2.4:
upstream_cyrus-imapd-2.4: released (2.4.12)
hardy_cyrus-imapd-2.4: DNE
lucid_cyrus-imapd-2.4: DNE
maverick_cyrus-imapd-2.4: DNE
natty_cyrus-imapd-2.4: DNE
oneiric_cyrus-imapd-2.4: needed
devel_cyrus-imapd-2.4: needed

Patches_kolab-cyrus-imapd:
upstream_kolab-cyrus-imapd: needs-triage
hardy_kolab-cyrus-imapd: needs-triage
lucid_kolab-cyrus-imapd: needs-triage
maverick_kolab-cyrus-imapd: needs-triage
natty_kolab-cyrus-imapd: needs-triage
oneiric_kolab-cyrus-imapd: needs-triage
devel_kolab-cyrus-imapd: needs-triage
