Candidate: CVE-2009-4028
PublicDate: 2009-11-30
References:
 http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-4028
Description:
 The vio_verify_callback function in viosslfactories.c in MySQL 5.0.x before
 5.0.88 and 5.1.x before 5.1.41, when OpenSSL is used, accepts a value of
 zero for the depth of X.509 certificates, which allows man-in-the-middle
 attackers to spoof arbitrary SSL-based MySQL servers via a crafted
 certificate, as demonstrated by a certificate presented by a server linked
 against the yaSSL library.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
 http://bugs.mysql.com/47320
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_mysql-dfsg:
upstream_mysql-dfsg: needs-triage
dapper_mysql-dfsg: needs-triage
hardy_mysql-dfsg: DNE
intrepid_mysql-dfsg: DNE
jaunty_mysql-dfsg: DNE
karmic_mysql-dfsg: DNE
devel_mysql-dfsg: DNE

Patches_mysql-dfsg-4.1:
upstream_mysql-dfsg-4.1: needs-triage
dapper_mysql-dfsg-4.1: needs-triage
hardy_mysql-dfsg-4.1: DNE
intrepid_mysql-dfsg-4.1: DNE
jaunty_mysql-dfsg-4.1: DNE
karmic_mysql-dfsg-4.1: DNE
devel_mysql-dfsg-4.1: DNE

Patches_mysql-dfsg-5.0:
upstream_mysql-dfsg-5.0: needs-triage
dapper_mysql-dfsg-5.0: needs-triage
hardy_mysql-dfsg-5.0: needs-triage
intrepid_mysql-dfsg-5.0: needs-triage
jaunty_mysql-dfsg-5.0: needs-triage
karmic_mysql-dfsg-5.0: needs-triage
devel_mysql-dfsg-5.0: needs-triage

Patches_mysql-dfsg-5.1:
upstream_mysql-dfsg-5.1: needs-triage
dapper_mysql-dfsg-5.1: DNE
hardy_mysql-dfsg-5.1: DNE
intrepid_mysql-dfsg-5.1: DNE
jaunty_mysql-dfsg-5.1: needs-triage
karmic_mysql-dfsg-5.1: needs-triage
devel_mysql-dfsg-5.1: needs-triage
