Candidate: CVE-2011-0609
PublicDate: 2011-03-15
References:
 http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2011-0609
 http://www.adobe.com/support/security/advisories/apsa11-01.html
Description:
 Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 10.2.154.13 and earlier on
 Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and Solaris and 10.1.106.16 and earlier on
 Android, and Authplay.dll (aka AuthPlayLib.bundle) in Adobe Reader and
 Acrobat 9.x through 9.4.2 and 10.x through 10.0.1 on Windows and Mac OS X,
 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of
 service (application crash) via crafted Flash content, as demonstrated by a
 .swf file embedded in an Excel spreadsheet, and as exploited in the wild in
 March 2011.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_flashplugin-nonfree:
upstream_flashplugin-nonfree: needed
dapper_flashplugin-nonfree: needed
hardy_flashplugin-nonfree: needed
karmic_flashplugin-nonfree: needed
lucid_flashplugin-nonfree: needed
maverick_flashplugin-nonfree: needed
devel_flashplugin-nonfree: needed

Patches_adobe-flashplugin:
upstream_adobe-flashplugin: needed
dapper_adobe-flashplugin: DNE
hardy_adobe-flashplugin: needed
karmic_adobe-flashplugin: needed
lucid_adobe-flashplugin: needed
maverick_adobe-flashplugin: needed
devel_adobe-flashplugin: DNE

Patches_acroread:
upstream_acroread: needed
dapper_acroread: ignored
hardy_acroread: needs-triage
karmic_acroread: needs-triage
lucid_acroread: needs-triage
maverick_acroread: needs-triage
devel_acroread: DNE
