Candidate: CVE-2015-4760
PublicDate: 2015-07-16
References:
 http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-4760
 https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=CVE-2015-4760
 http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/topics/security/cpujul2015-2367936.html
Description:
 Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u95, 7u80, and 8u45 allows
 remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via
 unknown vectors related to 2D.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_openjdk-7:
upstream_openjdk-7: needs-triage
precise_openjdk-7: needs-triage
trusty_openjdk-7: needs-triage
utopic_openjdk-7: needs-triage
vivid_openjdk-7: needs-triage
devel_openjdk-7: needs-triage

Patches_openjdk-6:
upstream_openjdk-6: needs-triage
precise_openjdk-6: needs-triage
trusty_openjdk-6: needs-triage
utopic_openjdk-6: needs-triage
vivid_openjdk-6: needs-triage
devel_openjdk-6: needs-triage

Patches_icu:
upstream_icu: needs-triage
precise_icu: needs-triage
trusty_icu: needs-triage
utopic_icu: needs-triage
vivid_icu: needs-triage
devel_icu: needs-triage

Patches_openjdk-8:
upstream_openjdk-8: needs-triage
precise_openjdk-8: DNE
trusty_openjdk-8: DNE
utopic_openjdk-8: needs-triage
vivid_openjdk-8: needs-triage
devel_openjdk-8: needs-triage
