Candidate: CVE-2011-1350
PublicDate: 2013-02-05
References:
 http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2011-1350
Description:
 The PowerVR SGX driver in Android before 2.3.6 allows attackers to obtain
 potentially sensitive information from kernel stack memory via an
 application that uses a crafted length parameter in a request to the
 pvrsrvkm device.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
 jdstrand> android kernels (goldfish, grouper, maguro, mako and manta) are not
  supported on the Ubuntu Touch 13.10 preview kernels
Bugs:
 https://launchpad.net/bugs/1415153
Priority: low
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_linux-goldfish:
upstream_linux-goldfish: needs-triage
lucid_linux-goldfish: DNE
precise_linux-goldfish: DNE
quantal_linux-goldfish: DNE
saucy_linux-goldfish: ignored
trusty_linux-goldfish: needs-triage
utopic_linux-goldfish: needs-triage
devel_linux-goldfish: needs-triage

Patches_linux-grouper:
upstream_linux-grouper: needs-triage
lucid_linux-grouper: DNE
precise_linux-grouper: DNE
quantal_linux-grouper: DNE
saucy_linux-grouper: ignored
trusty_linux-grouper: needs-triage
utopic_linux-grouper: needs-triage
devel_linux-grouper: DNE

Patches_linux-maguro:
upstream_linux-maguro: needs-triage
lucid_linux-maguro: DNE
precise_linux-maguro: DNE
quantal_linux-maguro: DNE
saucy_linux-maguro: ignored
trusty_linux-maguro: needs-triage
utopic_linux-maguro: DNE
devel_linux-maguro: DNE

Patches_linux-mako:
upstream_linux-mako: needs-triage
lucid_linux-mako: DNE
precise_linux-mako: DNE
quantal_linux-mako: DNE
saucy_linux-mako: ignored
trusty_linux-mako: needs-triage
utopic_linux-mako: needs-triage
devel_linux-mako: needs-triage

Patches_linux-manta:
upstream_linux-manta: needs-triage
lucid_linux-manta: DNE
precise_linux-manta: DNE
quantal_linux-manta: DNE
saucy_linux-manta: ignored
trusty_linux-manta: needs-triage
utopic_linux-manta: needs-triage
devel_linux-manta: needs-triage

Patches_linux-flo:
upstream_linux-flo: needs-triage
lucid_linux-flo: DNE
precise_linux-flo: DNE
quantal_linux-flo: DNE
saucy_linux-flo: DNE
trusty_linux-flo: needs-triage
utopic_linux-flo: needs-triage
devel_linux-flo: needs-triage
