Candidate: CVE-2020-11668
PublicDate: 2020-04-09 21:15:00 UTC
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-11668
 https://git.kernel.org/linus/a246b4d547708f33ff4d4b9a7a5dbac741dc89d8
 https://cdn.kernel.org/pub/linux/kernel/v5.x/ChangeLog-5.6.1
 https://git.kernel.org/cgit/linux/kernel/git/torvalds/linux.git/commit/?id=a246b4d547708f33ff4d4b9a7a5dbac741dc89d8
 https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/a246b4d547708f33ff4d4b9a7a5dbac741dc89d8
Description:
 In the Linux kernel before 5.6.1, drivers/media/usb/gspca/xirlink_cit.c
 (aka the Xirlink camera USB driver) mishandles invalid descriptors, aka
 CID-a246b4d54770.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Mitigation:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:
 nvd: CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:H/A:N

Patches_linux:
 break-fix: 59f8b0bf3c12598cf4a5b333b0287774dbbdbe1f a246b4d547708f33ff4d4b9a7a5dbac741dc89d8
upstream_linux: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux: needs-triage
trusty_linux: ignored (out of standard support)
trusty/esm_linux: needs-triage
xenial_linux: needs-triage
bionic_linux: needs-triage
eoan_linux: needs-triage
devel_linux: needs-triage

Patches_linux-hwe:
upstream_linux-hwe: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-hwe: DNE
trusty_linux-hwe: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-hwe: DNE
xenial_linux-hwe: needs-triage
bionic_linux-hwe: needs-triage
eoan_linux-hwe: DNE
devel_linux-hwe: DNE

Patches_linux-hwe-edge:
upstream_linux-hwe-edge: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-hwe-edge: DNE
trusty_linux-hwe-edge: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-hwe-edge: DNE
xenial_linux-hwe-edge: needs-triage
bionic_linux-hwe-edge: needs-triage
eoan_linux-hwe-edge: DNE
devel_linux-hwe-edge: DNE

Patches_linux-lts-xenial:
upstream_linux-lts-xenial: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-lts-xenial: DNE
trusty_linux-lts-xenial: ignored (out of standard support)
trusty/esm_linux-lts-xenial: needs-triage
xenial_linux-lts-xenial: DNE
bionic_linux-lts-xenial: DNE
eoan_linux-lts-xenial: DNE
devel_linux-lts-xenial: DNE

Patches_linux-lts-trusty:
upstream_linux-lts-trusty: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-lts-trusty: needs-triage
trusty_linux-lts-trusty: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-lts-trusty: DNE
xenial_linux-lts-trusty: DNE
bionic_linux-lts-trusty: DNE
eoan_linux-lts-trusty: DNE
devel_linux-lts-trusty: DNE

Patches_linux-oem:
upstream_linux-oem: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-oem: DNE
trusty_linux-oem: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-oem: DNE
xenial_linux-oem: needs-triage
bionic_linux-oem: needs-triage
eoan_linux-oem: needs-triage
devel_linux-oem: DNE

Patches_linux-oem-osp1:
upstream_linux-oem-osp1: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-oem-osp1: DNE
trusty_linux-oem-osp1: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-oem-osp1: DNE
xenial_linux-oem-osp1: DNE
bionic_linux-oem-osp1: needs-triage
eoan_linux-oem-osp1: needs-triage
devel_linux-oem-osp1: DNE

Patches_linux-kvm:
upstream_linux-kvm: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-kvm: DNE
trusty_linux-kvm: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-kvm: DNE
xenial_linux-kvm: needs-triage
bionic_linux-kvm: needs-triage
eoan_linux-kvm: needs-triage
devel_linux-kvm: needs-triage

Patches_linux-aws:
upstream_linux-aws: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-aws: DNE
trusty_linux-aws: ignored (out of standard support)
trusty/esm_linux-aws: needs-triage
xenial_linux-aws: needs-triage
bionic_linux-aws: needs-triage
eoan_linux-aws: needs-triage
devel_linux-aws: needs-triage

Patches_linux-aws-5.0:
upstream_linux-aws-5.0: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-aws-5.0: DNE
trusty_linux-aws-5.0: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-aws-5.0: DNE
xenial_linux-aws-5.0: DNE
bionic_linux-aws-5.0: needs-triage
eoan_linux-aws-5.0: DNE
devel_linux-aws-5.0: DNE

Patches_linux-aws-hwe:
upstream_linux-aws-hwe: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-aws-hwe: DNE
trusty_linux-aws-hwe: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-aws-hwe: DNE
xenial_linux-aws-hwe: needs-triage
bionic_linux-aws-hwe: DNE
eoan_linux-aws-hwe: DNE
devel_linux-aws-hwe: DNE

Patches_linux-azure:
upstream_linux-azure: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-azure: DNE
trusty_linux-azure: ignored (out of standard support)
trusty/esm_linux-azure: needs-triage
xenial_linux-azure: needs-triage
bionic_linux-azure: needs-triage
eoan_linux-azure: needs-triage
devel_linux-azure: needs-triage

Patches_linux-azure-5.3:
upstream_linux-azure-5.3: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-azure-5.3: DNE
trusty_linux-azure-5.3: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-azure-5.3: DNE
xenial_linux-azure-5.3: DNE
bionic_linux-azure-5.3: needs-triage
eoan_linux-azure-5.3: DNE
devel_linux-azure-5.3: DNE

Patches_linux-azure-edge:
upstream_linux-azure-edge: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-azure-edge: DNE
trusty_linux-azure-edge: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-azure-edge: DNE
xenial_linux-azure-edge: needs-triage
bionic_linux-azure-edge: needs-triage
eoan_linux-azure-edge: DNE
devel_linux-azure-edge: DNE

Patches_linux-gcp:
upstream_linux-gcp: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-gcp: DNE
trusty_linux-gcp: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-gcp: DNE
xenial_linux-gcp: needs-triage
bionic_linux-gcp: needs-triage
eoan_linux-gcp: needs-triage
devel_linux-gcp: needs-triage

Patches_linux-gcp-5.3:
upstream_linux-gcp-5.3: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-gcp-5.3: DNE
trusty_linux-gcp-5.3: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-gcp-5.3: DNE
xenial_linux-gcp-5.3: DNE
bionic_linux-gcp-5.3: needs-triage
eoan_linux-gcp-5.3: DNE
devel_linux-gcp-5.3: DNE

Patches_linux-gcp-edge:
upstream_linux-gcp-edge: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-gcp-edge: DNE
trusty_linux-gcp-edge: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-gcp-edge: DNE
xenial_linux-gcp-edge: DNE
bionic_linux-gcp-edge: needs-triage
eoan_linux-gcp-edge: DNE
devel_linux-gcp-edge: DNE

Patches_linux-gke-4.15:
upstream_linux-gke-4.15: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-gke-4.15: DNE
trusty_linux-gke-4.15: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-gke-4.15: DNE
xenial_linux-gke-4.15: DNE
bionic_linux-gke-4.15: needs-triage
eoan_linux-gke-4.15: DNE
devel_linux-gke-4.15: DNE

Patches_linux-gke-5.0:
upstream_linux-gke-5.0: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-gke-5.0: DNE
trusty_linux-gke-5.0: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-gke-5.0: DNE
xenial_linux-gke-5.0: DNE
bionic_linux-gke-5.0: needs-triage
eoan_linux-gke-5.0: DNE
devel_linux-gke-5.0: DNE

Patches_linux-oracle:
upstream_linux-oracle: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-oracle: DNE
trusty_linux-oracle: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-oracle: DNE
xenial_linux-oracle: needs-triage
bionic_linux-oracle: needs-triage
eoan_linux-oracle: needs-triage
devel_linux-oracle: needs-triage

Patches_linux-oracle-5.0:
upstream_linux-oracle-5.0: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-oracle-5.0: DNE
trusty_linux-oracle-5.0: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-oracle-5.0: DNE
xenial_linux-oracle-5.0: DNE
bionic_linux-oracle-5.0: needs-triage
eoan_linux-oracle-5.0: DNE
devel_linux-oracle-5.0: DNE

Patches_linux-raspi2:
upstream_linux-raspi2: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-raspi2: DNE
trusty_linux-raspi2: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-raspi2: DNE
xenial_linux-raspi2: needs-triage
bionic_linux-raspi2: needs-triage
eoan_linux-raspi2: needs-triage
devel_linux-raspi2: needs-triage

Patches_linux-snapdragon:
upstream_linux-snapdragon: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-snapdragon: DNE
trusty_linux-snapdragon: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-snapdragon: DNE
xenial_linux-snapdragon: needs-triage
bionic_linux-snapdragon: needs-triage
eoan_linux-snapdragon: DNE
devel_linux-snapdragon: DNE

Patches_linux-raspi2-5.3:
upstream_linux-raspi2-5.3: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-raspi2-5.3: DNE
trusty_linux-raspi2-5.3: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-raspi2-5.3: DNE
xenial_linux-raspi2-5.3: DNE
bionic_linux-raspi2-5.3: needs-triage
eoan_linux-raspi2-5.3: DNE
devel_linux-raspi2-5.3: DNE

Patches_linux-oem-5.4:
upstream_linux-oem-5.4: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-oem-5.4: DNE
trusty_linux-oem-5.4: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-oem-5.4: DNE
xenial_linux-oem-5.4: DNE
bionic_linux-oem-5.4: DNE
eoan_linux-oem-5.4: DNE
devel_linux-oem-5.4: needs-triage

Patches_linux-gke-5.3:
upstream_linux-gke-5.3: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-gke-5.3: DNE
trusty_linux-gke-5.3: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-gke-5.3: DNE
xenial_linux-gke-5.3: DNE
bionic_linux-gke-5.3: needs-triage
eoan_linux-gke-5.3: DNE
devel_linux-gke-5.3: DNE

Patches_linux-oracle-5.3:
upstream_linux-oracle-5.3: needs-triage
precise/esm_linux-oracle-5.3: DNE
trusty_linux-oracle-5.3: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-oracle-5.3: DNE
xenial_linux-oracle-5.3: DNE
bionic_linux-oracle-5.3: needs-triage
eoan_linux-oracle-5.3: DNE
devel_linux-oracle-5.3: DNE
