Candidate: CVE-2010-4015
PublicDate: 2011-02-01
References:
 http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2010-4015
Description:
 Buffer overflow in the gettoken function in contrib/intarray/_int_bool.c in
 the intarray array module in PostgreSQL 9.0.x before 9.0.3, 8.4.x before
 8.4.7, 8.3.x before 8.3.14, and 8.2.x before 8.2.20 allows remote
 authenticated users to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly
 execute arbitrary code via integers with a large number of digits to
 unspecified functions.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_postgresql-8.1:
upstream_postgresql-8.1: needs-triage
dapper_postgresql-8.1: needs-triage
hardy_postgresql-8.1: DNE
karmic_postgresql-8.1: DNE
lucid_postgresql-8.1: DNE
maverick_postgresql-8.1: DNE
devel_postgresql-8.1: DNE

Patches_postgresql-8.3:
upstream_postgresql-8.3: needs-triage
dapper_postgresql-8.3: DNE
hardy_postgresql-8.3: needs-triage
karmic_postgresql-8.3: needs-triage
lucid_postgresql-8.3: DNE
maverick_postgresql-8.3: DNE
devel_postgresql-8.3: DNE

Patches_postgresql-8.4:
upstream_postgresql-8.4: needs-triage
dapper_postgresql-8.4: DNE
hardy_postgresql-8.4: DNE
karmic_postgresql-8.4: needs-triage
lucid_postgresql-8.4: needs-triage
maverick_postgresql-8.4: needs-triage
devel_postgresql-8.4: needs-triage
