Candidate: CVE-2017-17689
PublicDate: 2017-12-31
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-17689
 https://efail.de
Description:
 [S/MIME CBC gadget attacks]
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
 http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=898633
 http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=898634
 http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=898631
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:


Patches_evolution:
upstream_evolution: needs-triage
precise/esm_evolution: DNE
trusty_evolution: needs-triage
xenial_evolution: needs-triage
artful_evolution: needs-triage
bionic_evolution: needs-triage
devel_evolution: needs-triage

Patches_kmail:
upstream_kmail: needs-triage
precise/esm_kmail: DNE
trusty_kmail: DNE
xenial_kmail: DNE
artful_kmail: needs-triage
bionic_kmail: needs-triage
devel_kmail: needs-triage

Patches_thunderbird:
upstream_thunderbird: needs-triage
precise/esm_thunderbird: DNE
trusty_thunderbird: needs-triage
xenial_thunderbird: needs-triage
artful_thunderbird: needs-triage
bionic_thunderbird: needs-triage
devel_thunderbird: needs-triage
