Candidate: CVE-2017-11684
PublicDate: 2017-07-27
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-11684
 https://bugzilla.libav.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1073
Description:
 There is an illegal address access in the build_table function in
 libavcodec/bitstream.c of Libav 12.1 that will lead to remote denial of
 service via crafted input.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_ffmpeg:
upstream_ffmpeg: needs-triage
precise/esm_ffmpeg: DNE
trusty_ffmpeg: DNE
vivid/ubuntu-core_ffmpeg: DNE
xenial_ffmpeg: needs-triage
zesty_ffmpeg: needs-triage
devel_ffmpeg: needs-triage

Patches_libav:
upstream_libav: needs-triage
precise/esm_libav: DNE
trusty_libav: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_libav: DNE
xenial_libav: DNE
zesty_libav: DNE
devel_libav: DNE

Patches_vlc:
upstream_vlc: needs-triage
precise/esm_vlc: DNE
trusty_vlc: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_vlc: DNE
xenial_vlc: needs-triage
zesty_vlc: needs-triage
devel_vlc: needs-triage

Patches_mplayer:
upstream_mplayer: needs-triage
precise/esm_mplayer: DNE
trusty_mplayer: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_mplayer: DNE
xenial_mplayer: needs-triage
zesty_mplayer: needs-triage
devel_mplayer: needs-triage
