Candidate: CVE-2016-0448
PublicDate: 2016-01-20
References:
 http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-0448
 http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/topics/security/cpujan2016-2367955.html
Description:
 Unspecified vulnerability in the Java SE and Java SE Embedded components in
 Oracle Java SE 6u105, 7u91, and 8u66, and Java SE Embedded 8u65 allows
 remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via vectors related to
 JMX.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_openjdk-6:
upstream_openjdk-6: needs-triage
precise_openjdk-6: needs-triage
trusty_openjdk-6: needs-triage
vivid_openjdk-6: needs-triage
wily_openjdk-6: needs-triage
devel_openjdk-6: needs-triage

Patches_openjdk-7:
upstream_openjdk-7: needs-triage
precise_openjdk-7: needed
trusty_openjdk-7: needed
vivid_openjdk-7: needed
wily_openjdk-7: needed
devel_openjdk-7: needed

Patches_openjdk-8:
upstream_openjdk-8: needs-triage
precise_openjdk-8: DNE
trusty_openjdk-8: DNE
vivid_openjdk-8: needs-triage
wily_openjdk-8: needs-triage
devel_openjdk-8: needs-triage

Patches_icedtea-web:
upstream_icedtea-web: needs-triage
precise_icedtea-web: needs-triage
trusty_icedtea-web: needs-triage
vivid_icedtea-web: needs-triage
wily_icedtea-web: needs-triage
devel_icedtea-web: needs-triage

