Candidate: CVE-2019-2699
PublicDate: 2019-04-23
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2019-2699
Description:
 Vulnerability in the Java SE component of Oracle Java SE (subcomponent:
 Windows DLL). The supported version that is affected is Java SE: 8u202.
 Difficult to exploit vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with
 network access via multiple protocols to compromise Java SE. While the
 vulnerability is in Java SE, attacks may significantly impact additional
 products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in takeover
 of Java SE. Note: This vulnerability applies to Java deployments, typically
 in clients running sandboxed Java Web Start applications or sandboxed Java
 applets (in Java SE 8), that load and run untrusted code (e.g., code that
 comes from the internet) and rely on the Java sandbox for security. This
 vulnerability can also be exploited by using APIs in the specified
 Component, e.g., through a web service which supplies data to the APIs.
 CVSS 3.0 Base Score 9.0 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability
 impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H).
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_openjdk-6:
upstream_openjdk-6: needs-triage
precise/esm_openjdk-6: DNE
trusty_openjdk-6: needs-triage
xenial_openjdk-6: DNE
bionic_openjdk-6: DNE
cosmic_openjdk-6: DNE
disco_openjdk-6: DNE
devel_openjdk-6: DNE

Patches_openjdk-7:
upstream_openjdk-7: needs-triage
precise/esm_openjdk-7: DNE
trusty_openjdk-7: needs-triage
xenial_openjdk-7: DNE
bionic_openjdk-7: DNE
cosmic_openjdk-7: DNE
disco_openjdk-7: DNE
devel_openjdk-7: DNE

Patches_openjdk-8:
upstream_openjdk-8: needs-triage
precise/esm_openjdk-8: DNE
trusty_openjdk-8: DNE
xenial_openjdk-8: needs-triage
bionic_openjdk-8: needs-triage
cosmic_openjdk-8: needs-triage
disco_openjdk-8: DNE
devel_openjdk-8: DNE

Patches_icedtea-web:
upstream_icedtea-web: needs-triage
precise/esm_icedtea-web: DNE
trusty_icedtea-web: needs-triage
xenial_icedtea-web: needs-triage
bionic_icedtea-web: needs-triage
cosmic_icedtea-web: needs-triage
disco_icedtea-web: needs-triage
devel_icedtea-web: needs-triage

Patches_openjdk-9:
upstream_openjdk-9: needs-triage
precise/esm_openjdk-9: DNE
trusty_openjdk-9: DNE
xenial_openjdk-9: needs-triage
bionic_openjdk-9: DNE
cosmic_openjdk-9: DNE
disco_openjdk-9: DNE
devel_openjdk-9: DNE

Patches_openjdk-lts:
upstream_openjdk-lts: needs-triage
precise/esm_openjdk-lts: DNE
trusty_openjdk-lts: DNE
xenial_openjdk-lts: DNE
bionic_openjdk-lts: needs-triage
cosmic_openjdk-lts: needs-triage
disco_openjdk-lts: needs-triage
devel_openjdk-lts: needs-triage

Patches_openjdk-12:
upstream_openjdk-12: needs-triage
precise/esm_openjdk-12: DNE
trusty_openjdk-12: DNE
xenial_openjdk-12: DNE
bionic_openjdk-12: DNE
cosmic_openjdk-12: DNE
disco_openjdk-12: needs-triage
devel_openjdk-12: needs-triage
