Candidate: CVE-2008-2419
References:
 http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2008-2419
 http://www.0x000000.com/?i=576
Description:
 Mozilla Firefox 2.0.0.14 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of
 service (heap corruption and application crash) or possibly execute
 arbitrary code by triggering an error condition during certain Iframe
 operations between a JSframe write and a JSframe close, as demonstrated by
 an error in loading an empty Java applet defined by a 'src="javascript:"'
 sequence.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
 jdstrand> firefox 3 not affected. seems a simple DoS, but will elevate if
   evidence of ability to execute code
Bugs:
Priority: low
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_firefox:
upstream_firefox: needs-triage
dapper_firefox: needed
feisty_firefox: needed
gutsy_firefox: needed
hardy_firefox: needed
devel_firefox: needed

Patches_firefox-3.0:
upstream_firefox-3.0: not-affected
dapper_firefox-3.0: DNE
feisty_firefox-3.0: DNE
gutsy_firefox-3.0: not-affected
hardy_firefox-3.0: not-affected
devel_firefox-3.0: not-affected

Patches_xulrunner:
upstream_xulrunner: needs-triage
dapper_xulrunner: DNE
feisty_xulrunner: needs-triage
gutsy_xulrunner: needs-triage
hardy_xulrunner: needs-triage
devel_xulrunner: needs-triage

Patches_iceape:
upstream_iceape: needs-triage
dapper_iceape: DNE
feisty_iceape: DNE
gutsy_iceape: needs-triage
hardy_iceape: DNE
devel_iceape: DNE

Patches_iceweasel:
upstream_iceweasel: needs-triage
dapper_iceweasel: DNE
feisty_iceweasel: DNE
gutsy_iceweasel: DNE
hardy_iceweasel: DNE
devel_iceweasel: DNE

Patches_seamonkey:
upstream_seamonkey: needs-triage
dapper_seamonkey: DNE
feisty_seamonkey: DNE
gutsy_seamonkey: DNE
hardy_seamonkey: needs-triage
devel_seamonkey: needs-triage

