Candidate: CVE-2009-3720
PublicDate: 2009-11-03
References:
 http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-3720
Description:
 The updatePosition function in lib/xmltok_impl.c in libexpat in Expat
 2.0.1, as used in Python, PyXML, w3c-libwww, and other software, allows
 context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (application
 crash) via an XML document with crafted UTF-8 sequences that trigger a
 buffer over-read, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-2625.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
 http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=551936
Priority: low
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_expat:
upstream_expat: needs-triage
dapper_expat: needs-triage
hardy_expat: needs-triage
intrepid_expat: needs-triage
jaunty_expat: needs-triage
karmic_expat: needs-triage
devel_expat: needs-triage

Patches_texlive-bin:
upstream_texlive-bin: needs-triage
dapper_texlive-bin: DNE
hardy_texlive-bin: needs-triage
intrepid_texlive-bin: needs-triage
jaunty_texlive-bin: needs-triage
karmic_texlive-bin: needs-triage
devel_texlive-bin: needs-triage

Patches_wxwidgets2.8:
upstream_wxwidgets2.8: needs-triage
dapper_wxwidgets2.8: DNE
hardy_wxwidgets2.8: needs-triage
intrepid_wxwidgets2.8: needs-triage
jaunty_wxwidgets2.8: needs-triage
karmic_wxwidgets2.8: needs-triage
devel_wxwidgets2.8: needs-triage

Patches_paraview:
upstream_paraview: needs-triage
dapper_paraview: DNE
hardy_paraview: DNE
intrepid_paraview: needs-triage
jaunty_paraview: needs-triage
karmic_paraview: needs-triage
devel_paraview: needs-triage

Patches_wxwidgets2.6:
upstream_wxwidgets2.6: needs-triage
dapper_wxwidgets2.6: needs-triage
hardy_wxwidgets2.6: needs-triage
intrepid_wxwidgets2.6: needs-triage
jaunty_wxwidgets2.6: needs-triage
karmic_wxwidgets2.6: needs-triage
devel_wxwidgets2.6: needs-triage

Patches_cmake:
upstream_cmake: needs-triage
dapper_cmake: needs-triage
hardy_cmake: needs-triage
intrepid_cmake: needs-triage
jaunty_cmake: needs-triage
karmic_cmake: needs-triage
devel_cmake: needs-triage

Patches_vnc4:
upstream_vnc4: needs-triage
dapper_vnc4: needs-triage
hardy_vnc4: needs-triage
intrepid_vnc4: needs-triage
jaunty_vnc4: needs-triage
karmic_vnc4: needs-triage
devel_vnc4: needs-triage

Patches_xotcl:
upstream_xotcl: needs-triage
dapper_xotcl: DNE
hardy_xotcl: DNE
intrepid_xotcl: needs-triage
jaunty_xotcl: needs-triage
karmic_xotcl: needs-triage
devel_xotcl: needs-triage

Patches_w3c-libwww:
upstream_w3c-libwww: needs-triage
dapper_w3c-libwww: needs-triage
hardy_w3c-libwww: needs-triage
intrepid_w3c-libwww: needs-triage
jaunty_w3c-libwww: needs-triage
karmic_w3c-libwww: needs-triage
devel_w3c-libwww: needs-triage

Patches_tla:
upstream_tla: needs-triage
dapper_tla: needs-triage
hardy_tla: needs-triage
intrepid_tla: needs-triage
jaunty_tla: needs-triage
karmic_tla: needs-triage
devel_tla: needs-triage

Patches_apache2:
upstream_apache2: needs-triage
dapper_apache2: needs-triage
hardy_apache2: needs-triage
intrepid_apache2: needs-triage
jaunty_apache2: needs-triage
karmic_apache2: needs-triage
devel_apache2: needs-triage

Patches_poco:
upstream_poco: needs-triage
dapper_poco: DNE
hardy_poco: needs-triage
intrepid_poco: needs-triage
jaunty_poco: needs-triage
karmic_poco: needs-triage
devel_poco: needs-triage

Patches_xulrunner:
upstream_xulrunner: needs-triage
dapper_xulrunner: DNE
hardy_xulrunner: needs-triage
intrepid_xulrunner: needs-triage
jaunty_xulrunner: needs-triage
karmic_xulrunner: needs-triage
devel_xulrunner: needs-triage

Patches_sitecopy:
upstream_sitecopy: needs-triage
dapper_sitecopy: needs-triage
hardy_sitecopy: needs-triage
intrepid_sitecopy: needs-triage
jaunty_sitecopy: needs-triage
karmic_sitecopy: needs-triage
devel_sitecopy: needs-triage

Patches_libparagui1.1:
upstream_libparagui1.1: needs-triage
dapper_libparagui1.1: DNE
hardy_libparagui1.1: needs-triage
intrepid_libparagui1.1: needs-triage
jaunty_libparagui1.1: needs-triage
karmic_libparagui1.1: needs-triage
devel_libparagui1.1: needs-triage

Patches_smart:
upstream_smart: needs-triage
dapper_smart: needs-triage
hardy_smart: needs-triage
intrepid_smart: needs-triage
jaunty_smart: needs-triage
karmic_smart: needs-triage
devel_smart: needs-triage

Patches_wbxml2:
upstream_wbxml2: needs-triage
dapper_wbxml2: needs-triage
hardy_wbxml2: needs-triage
intrepid_wbxml2: needs-triage
jaunty_wbxml2: needs-triage
karmic_wbxml2: needs-triage
devel_wbxml2: needs-triage

Patches_swish-e:
upstream_swish-e: needs-triage
dapper_swish-e: needs-triage
hardy_swish-e: needs-triage
intrepid_swish-e: needs-triage
jaunty_swish-e: needs-triage
karmic_swish-e: needs-triage
devel_swish-e: needs-triage

Patches_kompozer:
upstream_kompozer: needs-triage
dapper_kompozer: DNE
hardy_kompozer: needs-triage
intrepid_kompozer: needs-triage
jaunty_kompozer: needs-triage
karmic_kompozer: needs-triage
devel_kompozer: needs-triage

Patches_insighttoolkit:
upstream_insighttoolkit: needs-triage
dapper_insighttoolkit: DNE
hardy_insighttoolkit: needs-triage
intrepid_insighttoolkit: needs-triage
jaunty_insighttoolkit: needs-triage
karmic_insighttoolkit: needs-triage
devel_insighttoolkit: needs-triage

Patches_python2.5:
upstream_python2.5: needs-triage
dapper_python2.5: DNE
hardy_python2.5: needs-triage
intrepid_python2.5: needs-triage
jaunty_python2.5: needs-triage
karmic_python2.5: needs-triage
devel_python2.5: needs-triage

Patches_cadaver:
upstream_cadaver: needs-triage
dapper_cadaver: needs-triage
hardy_cadaver: needs-triage
intrepid_cadaver: needs-triage
jaunty_cadaver: needs-triage
karmic_cadaver: needs-triage
devel_cadaver: needs-triage

Patches_apr-util:
upstream_apr-util: needs-triage
dapper_apr-util: DNE
hardy_apr-util: needs-triage
intrepid_apr-util: needs-triage
jaunty_apr-util: needs-triage
karmic_apr-util: needs-triage
devel_apr-util: needs-triage

Patches_celementtree:
upstream_celementtree: needs-triage
dapper_celementtree: needs-triage
hardy_celementtree: needs-triage
intrepid_celementtree: needs-triage
jaunty_celementtree: needs-triage
karmic_celementtree: needs-triage
devel_celementtree: needs-triage

Patches_wxwindows2.4:
upstream_wxwindows2.4: needs-triage
dapper_wxwindows2.4: needs-triage
hardy_wxwindows2.4: needs-triage
intrepid_wxwindows2.4: needs-triage
jaunty_wxwindows2.4: needs-triage
karmic_wxwindows2.4: DNE
devel_wxwindows2.4: DNE

Patches_python-xml:
upstream_python-xml: needs-triage
dapper_python-xml: needs-triage
hardy_python-xml: needs-triage
intrepid_python-xml: needs-triage
jaunty_python-xml: needs-triage
karmic_python-xml: DNE
devel_python-xml: DNE

Patches_gdcm:
upstream_gdcm: needs-triage
dapper_gdcm: DNE
hardy_gdcm: DNE
intrepid_gdcm: DNE
jaunty_gdcm: DNE
karmic_gdcm: needs-triage
devel_gdcm: needs-triage

Patches_python2.4:
upstream_python2.4: needs-triage
dapper_python2.4: needs-triage
hardy_python2.4: needs-triage
intrepid_python2.4: needs-triage
jaunty_python2.4: needs-triage
karmic_python2.4: needs-triage
devel_python2.4: needs-triage

Patches_ghostscript:
upstream_ghostscript: needs-triage
dapper_ghostscript: DNE
hardy_ghostscript: needs-triage
intrepid_ghostscript: needs-triage
jaunty_ghostscript: needs-triage
karmic_ghostscript: needs-triage
devel_ghostscript: needs-triage

Patches_ayttm:
upstream_ayttm: needs-triage
dapper_ayttm: needs-triage
hardy_ayttm: needs-triage
intrepid_ayttm: needs-triage
jaunty_ayttm: needs-triage
karmic_ayttm: needs-triage
devel_ayttm: needs-triage

Patches_cableswig:
upstream_cableswig: needs-triage
dapper_cableswig: DNE
hardy_cableswig: needs-triage
intrepid_cableswig: needs-triage
jaunty_cableswig: needs-triage
karmic_cableswig: needs-triage
devel_cableswig: needs-triage

Patches_grmonitor:
upstream_grmonitor: needs-triage
dapper_grmonitor: needs-triage
hardy_grmonitor: needs-triage
intrepid_grmonitor: needs-triage
jaunty_grmonitor: needs-triage
karmic_grmonitor: needs-triage
devel_grmonitor: needs-triage

Patches_coin3:
upstream_coin3: needs-triage
dapper_coin3: DNE
hardy_coin3: DNE
intrepid_coin3: DNE
jaunty_coin3: needs-triage
karmic_coin3: needs-triage
devel_coin3: needs-triage

Patches_xmlrpc-c:
upstream_xmlrpc-c: needs-triage
dapper_xmlrpc-c: needs-triage
hardy_xmlrpc-c: needs-triage
intrepid_xmlrpc-c: needs-triage
jaunty_xmlrpc-c: needs-triage
karmic_xmlrpc-c: needs-triage
devel_xmlrpc-c: needs-triage

Patches_simgear:
upstream_simgear: needs-triage
dapper_simgear: needs-triage
hardy_simgear: needs-triage
intrepid_simgear: needs-triage
jaunty_simgear: needs-triage
karmic_simgear: needs-triage
devel_simgear: needs-triage

Patches_audacity:
upstream_audacity: needs-triage
dapper_audacity: needs-triage
hardy_audacity: needs-triage
intrepid_audacity: needs-triage
jaunty_audacity: needs-triage
karmic_audacity: needs-triage
devel_audacity: needs-triage

Patches_matanza:
upstream_matanza: needs-triage
dapper_matanza: needs-triage
hardy_matanza: needs-triage
intrepid_matanza: needs-triage
jaunty_matanza: needs-triage
karmic_matanza: needs-triage
devel_matanza: needs-triage

Patches_tdom:
upstream_tdom: needs-triage
dapper_tdom: needs-triage
hardy_tdom: DNE
intrepid_tdom: DNE
jaunty_tdom: needs-triage
karmic_tdom: needs-triage
devel_tdom: needs-triage

Patches_vtk:
upstream_vtk: needs-triage
dapper_vtk: needs-triage
hardy_vtk: needs-triage
intrepid_vtk: needs-triage
jaunty_vtk: needs-triage
karmic_vtk: needs-triage
devel_vtk: needs-triage

