Candidate: CVE-2009-1415
PublicDate: 2009-04-30
References:
 http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-1415
 http://thread.gmane.org/gmane.comp.encryption.gpg.gnutls.devel/3488
 http://article.gmane.org/gmane.comp.encryption.gpg.gnutls.devel/3515
Description:
 lib/pk-libgcrypt.c in libgnutls in GnuTLS before 2.6.6 does not properly
 handle invalid DSA signatures, which allows remote attackers to cause a
 denial of service (application crash) and possibly have unspecified other
 impact via a malformed DSA key that triggers a (1) free of an uninitialized
 pointer or (2) double free.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_gnutls11:
upstream_gnutls11: needs-triage
dapper_gnutls11: needs-triage
hardy_gnutls11: DNE
intrepid_gnutls11: DNE
jaunty_gnutls11: DNE
devel_gnutls11: DNE

Patches_gnutls12:
upstream_gnutls12: needs-triage
dapper_gnutls12: needs-triage
hardy_gnutls12: DNE
intrepid_gnutls12: DNE
jaunty_gnutls12: DNE
devel_gnutls12: DNE

Patches_gnutls13:
upstream_gnutls13: needs-triage
dapper_gnutls13: DNE
hardy_gnutls13: needs-triage
intrepid_gnutls13: DNE
jaunty_gnutls13: DNE
devel_gnutls13: DNE

Patches_gnutls26:
upstream_gnutls26: needs-triage
dapper_gnutls26: DNE
hardy_gnutls26: DNE
intrepid_gnutls26: needs-triage
jaunty_gnutls26: needs-triage
devel_gnutls26: needs-triage


Patches_gnutls:
upstream_gnutls: needs-triage
dapper_gnutls: DNE
hardy_gnutls: DNE
intrepid_gnutls: DNE
jaunty_gnutls: DNE
devel_gnutls: DNE
