Candidate: CVE-2018-5815
PublicDate: 2018-07-31
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2018-5815
 http://seclists.org/bugtraq/2018/Jul/58
Description:
 Integer overflow in internal/dcraw_common.cpp:parse_qt() allows for denial
 of service
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_libraw:
upstream_libraw: needs-triage
precise/esm_libraw: DNE
trusty_libraw: needs-triage
xenial_libraw: needs-triage
bionic_libraw: needs-triage
devel_libraw: needs-triage

Patches_ufraw:
upstream_ufraw: needs-triage
precise/esm_ufraw: DNE
trusty_ufraw: needs-triage
xenial_ufraw: needs-triage
bionic_ufraw: needs-triage
devel_ufraw: needs-triage

Patches_darktable:
upstream_darktable: needs-triage
precise/esm_darktable: DNE
trusty_darktable: needs-triage
xenial_darktable: needs-triage
bionic_darktable: needs-triage
devel_darktable: needs-triage

Patches_exactimage:
upstream_exactimage: needs-triage
precise/esm_exactimage: DNE
trusty_exactimage: needs-triage
xenial_exactimage: needs-triage
bionic_exactimage: needs-triage
devel_exactimage: needs-triage

Patches_dcraw:
upstream_dcraw: needs-triage
precise/esm_dcraw: DNE
trusty_dcraw: needs-triage
xenial_dcraw: needs-triage
bionic_dcraw: needs-triage
devel_dcraw: needs-triage

Patches_rawtherapee:
upstream_rawtherapee: needs-triage
precise/esm_rawtherapee: DNE
trusty_rawtherapee: needs-triage
xenial_rawtherapee: needs-triage
bionic_rawtherapee: needs-triage
devel_rawtherapee: needs-triage

Patches_xbmc:
upstream_xbmc: needs-triage
precise/esm_xbmc: DNE
trusty_xbmc: needs-triage
xenial_xbmc: DNE
bionic_xbmc: DNE
devel_xbmc: DNE

Patches_kodi:
upstream_kodi: needs-triage
precise/esm_kodi: DNE
trusty_kodi: DNE
xenial_kodi: needs-triage
bionic_kodi: needs-triage
devel_kodi: needs-triage
