Candidate: CVE-2009-0945
PublicDate: 2009-05-13
References:
 http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-0945
Description:
 WebKit, as used in Safari before 3.2.3 and 4 Public Beta, on Apple Mac OS X
 10.4.11 and 10.5 before 10.5.7 and Windows allows remote attackers to
 execute arbitrary code via a crafted SVGList object that triggers memory
 corruption.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_webkit:
upstream_webkit: needs-triage
dapper_webkit: DNE
hardy_webkit: needs-triage
intrepid_webkit: needs-triage
jaunty_webkit: needs-triage
devel_webkit: needs-triage

Patches_kdelibs:
upstream_kdelibs: needs-triage
dapper_kdelibs: needs-triage
hardy_kdelibs: needs-triage
intrepid_kdelibs: needs-triage
jaunty_kdelibs: needs-triage
devel_kdelibs: needs-triage

Patches_kde4libs:
upstream_kde4libs: needs-triage
dapper_kde4libs: DNE
hardy_kde4libs: needs-triage
intrepid_kde4libs: needs-triage
jaunty_kde4libs: needs-triage
devel_kde4libs: needs-triage

Patches_qt4-x11:
upstream_qt4-x11: needs-triage
dapper_qt4-x11: needs-triage
hardy_qt4-x11: needs-triage
intrepid_qt4-x11: needs-triage
jaunty_qt4-x11: needs-triage
devel_qt4-x11: needs-triage

