Candidate: CVE-2015-4000
PublicDate: 2015-05-20
References:
 http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-4000
 https://weakdh.org/imperfect-forward-secrecy.pdf paper.
 https://weakdh.org/imperfect-forward-secrecy.pdf
 https://weakdh.org/
 https://nohats.ca/wordpress/blog/2015/05/20/weakdh-and-ike-ipsec/
 https://www.openssl.org/blog/blog/2015/05/20/logjam-freak-upcoming-changes/
 http://lists.gnutls.org/pipermail/gnutls-devel/2015-May/007597.html
 https://access.redhat.com/articles/1456263
Description:
 The TLS protocol 1.2 and earlier, when a DHE_EXPORT ciphersuite is enabled
 on a server but not on a client, does not properly convey a DHE_EXPORT
 choice, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to conduct
 cipher-downgrade attacks by rewriting a ClientHello with DHE replaced by
 DHE_EXPORT and then rewriting a ServerHello with DHE_EXPORT replaced by
 DHE, aka the "Logjam" issue.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_openssl:
upstream_openssl: needs-triage
precise_openssl: needs-triage
trusty_openssl: needs-triage
utopic_openssl: needs-triage
vivid_openssl: needs-triage
devel_openssl: needs-triage

Patches_openssl098:
upstream_openssl098: needs-triage
precise_openssl098: needs-triage
trusty_openssl098: needs-triage
utopic_openssl098: needs-triage
vivid_openssl098: needs-triage
devel_openssl098: needs-triage

Patches_gnutls26:
upstream_gnutls26: needs-triage
precise_gnutls26: needs-triage
trusty_gnutls26: needs-triage
utopic_gnutls26: needs-triage
vivid_gnutls26: DNE
devel_gnutls26: DNE

Patches_gnutls28:
upstream_gnutls28: needs-triage
precise_gnutls28: needs-triage
trusty_gnutls28: needs-triage
utopic_gnutls28: needs-triage
vivid_gnutls28: needs-triage
devel_gnutls28: needs-triage


Patches_apache2:
upstream_apache2: needs-triage
precise_apache2: needs-triage
trusty_apache2: needs-triage
utopic_apache2: needs-triage
vivid_apache2: needs-triage
devel_apache2: needs-triage

Patches_nss:
upstream_nss: needs-triage
precise_nss: needs-triage
trusty_nss: needs-triage
utopic_nss: needs-triage
vivid_nss: needs-triage
devel_nss: needs-triage
