Candidate: CVE-2018-20677
PublicDate: 2019-01-09
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2018-20677
 https://blog.getbootstrap.com/2018/12/13/bootstrap-3-4-0/
 https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/issues/27045
 https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/issues/27915#issuecomment-452140906
 https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/issues/27915#issuecomment-452196628
 https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/pull/27047
Description:
 In Bootstrap before 3.4.0, XSS is possible in the affix configuration
 target property.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: low
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:


Patches_twitter-bootstrap:
upstream_twitter-bootstrap: needs-triage
precise/esm_twitter-bootstrap: DNE
trusty_twitter-bootstrap: needs-triage
xenial_twitter-bootstrap: needs-triage
bionic_twitter-bootstrap: needs-triage
cosmic_twitter-bootstrap: needs-triage
devel_twitter-bootstrap: needs-triage

Patches_twitter-bootstrap3:
upstream_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage
precise/esm_twitter-bootstrap3: DNE
trusty_twitter-bootstrap3: DNE
xenial_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage
bionic_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage
cosmic_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage
devel_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage

Patches_twitter-bootstrap4:
upstream_twitter-bootstrap4: needs-triage
precise/esm_twitter-bootstrap4: DNE
trusty_twitter-bootstrap4: DNE
xenial_twitter-bootstrap4: DNE
bionic_twitter-bootstrap4: DNE
cosmic_twitter-bootstrap4: DNE
devel_twitter-bootstrap4: needs-triage
