Candidate: CVE-2007-6590
References:
 http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2007-6590
Description:
 Mozilla 1.9 M8 and earlier, Mozilla Firefox 2, SeaMonkey 1.1.5, Netscape
 9.0, and other Mozilla-based web browsers, when a user accepts an SSL
 server certificate on the basis of the CN domain name in the DN field,
 regard the certificate as also accepted for all domain names in
 subjectAltName:dNSName fields, which makes it easier for remote attackers
 to trick a user into accepting an invalid certificate for a spoofed web
 site.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Assigned-to:
upstream_firefox: 
dapper_firefox: needed
edgy_firefox: needed
feisty_firefox: needed
gutsy_firefox: needed
hardy_firefox: needed
hardy_firefox: needed
hardy_firefox: needed
hardy_firefox: needed
devel_firefox: needed

upstream_iceape: 
dapper_iceape: DNE
edgy_iceape: DNE
feisty_iceape: DNE
gutsy_iceape: needed
hardy_iceape: DNE
hardy_iceape: DNE
hardy_iceape: DNE
hardy_iceape: DNE
devel_iceape: DNE

upstream_seamonkey: 
dapper_seamonkey: DNE
edgy_seamonkey: DNE
feisty_seamonkey: DNE
gutsy_seamonkey: DNE
hardy_seamonkey: needed
hardy_seamonkey: needed
hardy_seamonkey: needed
hardy_seamonkey: needed
devel_seamonkey: needed

upstream_xulrunner: 
dapper_xulrunner: DNE
edgy_xulrunner: needed
feisty_xulrunner: needed
gutsy_xulrunner: needed
hardy_xulrunner: needed
hardy_xulrunner: needed
hardy_xulrunner: needed
hardy_xulrunner: needed
devel_xulrunner: needed
