Candidate: CVE-2017-14608
PublicDate: 2017-09-20
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-14608
 https://github.com/LibRaw/LibRaw/commit/d13e8f6d1e987b7491182040a188c16a395f1d21
 https://github.com/LibRaw/LibRaw/issues/101
Description:
 In LibRaw through 0.18.4, an out of bounds read flaw related to
 kodak_65000_load_raw has been reported in dcraw/dcraw.c and
 internal/dcraw_common.cpp. An attacker could possibly exploit this flaw to
 disclose potentially sensitive memory or cause an application crash.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_libraw:
upstream_libraw: needs-triage
precise/esm_libraw: DNE
trusty_libraw: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_libraw: DNE
xenial_libraw: needs-triage
zesty_libraw: needs-triage
artful_libraw: needs-triage
devel_libraw: needs-triage

Patches_ufraw:
upstream_ufraw: needs-triage
precise/esm_ufraw: DNE
trusty_ufraw: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_ufraw: DNE
xenial_ufraw: needs-triage
zesty_ufraw: needs-triage
artful_ufraw: needs-triage
devel_ufraw: needs-triage

Patches_darktable:
upstream_darktable: needs-triage
precise/esm_darktable: DNE
trusty_darktable: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_darktable: DNE
xenial_darktable: needs-triage
zesty_darktable: needs-triage
artful_darktable: needs-triage
devel_darktable: needs-triage

Patches_exactimage:
upstream_exactimage: needs-triage
precise/esm_exactimage: DNE
trusty_exactimage: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_exactimage: DNE
xenial_exactimage: needs-triage
zesty_exactimage: needs-triage
artful_exactimage: needs-triage
devel_exactimage: needs-triage

Patches_dcraw:
upstream_dcraw: needs-triage
precise/esm_dcraw: DNE
trusty_dcraw: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_dcraw: DNE
xenial_dcraw: needs-triage
zesty_dcraw: needs-triage
artful_dcraw: needs-triage
devel_dcraw: needs-triage

Patches_rawtherapee:
upstream_rawtherapee: needs-triage
precise/esm_rawtherapee: DNE
trusty_rawtherapee: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_rawtherapee: DNE
xenial_rawtherapee: needs-triage
zesty_rawtherapee: needs-triage
artful_rawtherapee: needs-triage
devel_rawtherapee: needs-triage

Patches_xbmc:
upstream_xbmc: needs-triage
precise/esm_xbmc: DNE
trusty_xbmc: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_xbmc: DNE
xenial_xbmc: DNE
zesty_xbmc: DNE
artful_xbmc: DNE
devel_xbmc: DNE

Patches_kodi:
upstream_kodi: needs-triage
precise/esm_kodi: DNE
trusty_kodi: DNE
vivid/ubuntu-core_kodi: DNE
xenial_kodi: needs-triage
zesty_kodi: needs-triage
artful_kodi: needs-triage
devel_kodi: needs-triage
