Candidate: CVE-2017-7789
PublicDate: 2017-07-04
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-7789
 https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1074642
Description:
 Firefox ignores Strict-Transport-Security when two more STS headers are
 sent from server
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to: chrisccoulson

Patches_firefox:
upstream_firefox: needs-triage
precise/esm_firefox: DNE
trusty_firefox: needed
vivid/ubuntu-core_firefox: DNE
xenial_firefox: needed
yakkety_firefox: needed
zesty_firefox: needed
devel_firefox: needed

Patches_thunderbird:
Priority_thunderbird: low
upstream_thunderbird: needs-triage
precise/esm_thunderbird: DNE
trusty_thunderbird: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_thunderbird: DNE
xenial_thunderbird: needs-triage
yakkety_thunderbird: needs-triage
zesty_thunderbird: needs-triage
devel_thunderbird: needs-triage

Patches_mozjs38:
upstream_mozjs38: needs-triage
precise/esm_mozjs38: DNE
trusty_mozjs38: DNE
vivid/ubuntu-core_mozjs38: DNE
xenial_mozjs38: DNE
yakkety_mozjs38: DNE
zesty_mozjs38: not-affected
devel_mozjs38: not-affected
