Candidate: CVE-2019-10842
PublicDate: 2019-04-04
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2019-10842
 https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap-sass/issues/1195
 https://snyk.io/blog/malicious-remote-code-execution-backdoor-discovered-in-the-popular-bootstrap-sass-ruby-gem/
 https://snyk.io/vuln/SNYK-RUBY-BOOTSTRAPSASS-174093
Description:
 Arbitrary code execution (via backdoor code) was discovered in
 bootstrap-sass 3.2.0.3, when downloaded from rubygems.org. An
 unauthenticated attacker can craft the ___cfduid cookie value with base64
 arbitrary code to be executed via eval(), which can be leveraged to execute
 arbitrary code on the target system. Note that there are three underscore
 characters in the cookie name. This is unrelated to the __cfduid cookie
 that is legitimately used by Cloudflare.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:


Patches_compass-bootstrap-sass-plugin:
upstream_compass-bootstrap-sass-plugin: needs-triage
precise/esm_compass-bootstrap-sass-plugin: DNE
trusty_compass-bootstrap-sass-plugin: DNE
xenial_compass-bootstrap-sass-plugin: DNE
bionic_compass-bootstrap-sass-plugin: DNE
cosmic_compass-bootstrap-sass-plugin: DNE
devel_compass-bootstrap-sass-plugin: DNE

Patches_node-bootstrap-sass:
upstream_node-bootstrap-sass: needs-triage
precise/esm_node-bootstrap-sass: DNE
trusty_node-bootstrap-sass: DNE
xenial_node-bootstrap-sass: DNE
bionic_node-bootstrap-sass: needs-triage
cosmic_node-bootstrap-sass: needs-triage
devel_node-bootstrap-sass: needs-triage

Patches_ruby-bootstrap-sass:
upstream_ruby-bootstrap-sass: needs-triage
precise/esm_ruby-bootstrap-sass: DNE
trusty_ruby-bootstrap-sass: needs-triage
xenial_ruby-bootstrap-sass: needs-triage
bionic_ruby-bootstrap-sass: needs-triage
cosmic_ruby-bootstrap-sass: needs-triage
devel_ruby-bootstrap-sass: needs-triage
