Candidate: CVE-2016-8826
PublicDate: 2016-12-15
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-8826
 http://nvidia.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/4278
Description:
 [DoS via GPU interrupt storm]
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
 http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=848196
 http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=848195
 http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=848197
Priority: low
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers: DNE
vivid/stable-phone-overlay_nvidia-graphics-drivers: DNE
vivid/ubuntu-core_nvidia-graphics-drivers: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers: DNE
yakkety_nvidia-graphics-drivers: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE
vivid/stable-phone-overlay_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: needs-triage
yakkety_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: DNE
vivid/stable-phone-overlay_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: needs-triage
yakkety_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
vivid/ubuntu-core_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
vivid/stable-phone-overlay_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: needs-triage
yakkety_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: needs-triage
