Candidate: CVE-2018-7173
PublicDate: 2018-02-15
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2018-7173
 https://forum.xpdfreader.com/viewtopic.php?f=3&t=607
Description:
 A large loop in JBIG2Stream::readSymbolDictSeg in xpdf 4.00 allows an
 attacker to cause denial of service via a specific file due to
 inappropriate decoding.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
 jdstrand> xpdf in koffice is 2.0
Bugs:
Priority: low
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_xpdf:
upstream_xpdf: needs-triage
precise/esm_xpdf: DNE
trusty_xpdf: needs-triage
xenial_xpdf: needs-triage
artful_xpdf: needs-triage
devel_xpdf: needs-triage

Patches_poppler:
upstream_poppler: needs-triage
precise/esm_poppler: DNE
trusty_poppler: needed
xenial_poppler: needed
artful_poppler: needed
devel_poppler: needed

Patches_libextractor:
upstream_libextractor:
precise/esm_libextractor: DNE
trusty_libextractor: needs-triage
xenial_libextractor: needs-triage
artful_libextractor: needs-triage
devel_libextractor: needs-triage

Patches_ipe:
upstream_ipe: needs-triage
precise/esm_ipe: DNE
trusty_ipe: needs-triage
xenial_ipe: needs-triage
artful_ipe: needs-triage
devel_ipe: needs-triage
