Candidate: CVE-2017-17522
PublicDate: 2017-12-14
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-17522
 https://security-tracker.debian.org/tracker/CVE-2017-17522
Description:
 ** DISPUTED ** Lib/webbrowser.py in Python through 3.6.3 does not validate
 strings before launching the program specified by the BROWSER environment
 variable, which might allow remote attackers to conduct argument-injection
 attacks via a crafted URL. NOTE: a software maintainer indicates that
 exploitation is impossible because the code relies on subprocess.Popen and
 the default shell=False setting.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:


Patches_jython:
upstream_jython: needs-triage
precise/esm_jython: DNE
trusty_jython: needs-triage
xenial_jython: needs-triage
zesty_jython: needs-triage
artful_jython: needs-triage
devel_jython: needs-triage

Patches_python2.7:
upstream_python2.7: needs-triage
precise/esm_python2.7: needs-triage
trusty_python2.7: needs-triage
xenial_python2.7: needs-triage
zesty_python2.7: needs-triage
artful_python2.7: needs-triage
devel_python2.7: needs-triage

Patches_python2.6:
upstream_python2.6: needs-triage
precise/esm_python2.6: DNE
trusty_python2.6: DNE
xenial_python2.6: DNE
zesty_python2.6: DNE
artful_python2.6: DNE
devel_python2.6: DNE

Patches_python3.6:
upstream_python3.6: needs-triage
precise/esm_python3.6: DNE
trusty_python3.6: DNE
xenial_python3.6: DNE
zesty_python3.6: needs-triage
artful_python3.6: needs-triage
devel_python3.6: needs-triage

Patches_python3.7:
upstream_python3.7: needs-triage
precise/esm_python3.7: DNE
trusty_python3.7: DNE
xenial_python3.7: DNE
zesty_python3.7: DNE
artful_python3.7: needs-triage
devel_python3.7: needs-triage

Patches_python3.4:
upstream_python3.4: needs-triage
precise/esm_python3.4: DNE
trusty_python3.4: needs-triage
xenial_python3.4: DNE
zesty_python3.4: DNE
artful_python3.4: DNE
devel_python3.4: DNE

Patches_python3.5:
upstream_python3.5: needs-triage
precise/esm_python3.5: DNE
trusty_python3.5: DNE
xenial_python3.5: needs-triage
zesty_python3.5: needs-triage
artful_python3.5: DNE
devel_python3.5: DNE

Patches_python3.2:
upstream_python3.2: needs-triage
precise/esm_python3.2: DNE
trusty_python3.2: DNE
xenial_python3.2: DNE
zesty_python3.2: DNE
artful_python3.2: DNE
devel_python3.2: DNE
