Candidate: CVE-2019-12515
PublicDate: 2019-06-01
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2019-12515
 https://github.com/PanguL4b/pocs/tree/master/xpdf/out-of-bounds-read-in-FlateStream__getChar
Description:
 There is an out-of-bounds read vulnerability in the function
 FlateStream::getChar() located at Stream.cc in Xpdf 4.01.01. It can, for
 example, be triggered by sending a crafted PDF document to the pdftoppm
 tool. It might allow an attacker to cause Information Disclosure or a
 denial of service.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
 jdstrand> xpdf in koffice is 2.0
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_xpdf:
upstream_xpdf: needs-triage
precise/esm_xpdf: DNE
trusty/esm_xpdf: DNE
xenial_xpdf: needs-triage
bionic_xpdf: needs-triage
cosmic_xpdf: needs-triage
disco_xpdf: needs-triage
devel_xpdf: needs-triage

Patches_poppler:
upstream_poppler: needs-triage
precise/esm_poppler: DNE
trusty/esm_poppler: DNE
xenial_poppler: needs-triage
bionic_poppler: needs-triage
cosmic_poppler: needs-triage
disco_poppler: needs-triage
devel_poppler: needs-triage

Patches_libextractor:
upstream_libextractor:
precise/esm_libextractor: DNE
trusty/esm_libextractor: DNE
xenial_libextractor: needs-triage
bionic_libextractor: needs-triage
cosmic_libextractor: needs-triage
disco_libextractor: needs-triage
devel_libextractor: needs-triage

Patches_ipe:
upstream_ipe: needs-triage
precise/esm_ipe: DNE
trusty/esm_ipe: DNE
xenial_ipe: needs-triage
bionic_ipe: needs-triage
cosmic_ipe: needs-triage
disco_ipe: needs-triage
devel_ipe: needs-triage
trusty_xpdf: ignored (out of standard support)
