Candidate: CVE-2007-4352
References: 
 RHSA-2007:1026-01 (poppler)
 RHSA-2007:1027-02 (tetex-base)
 RHSA-2007:1029-01 (xpdf)
 RHSA-2007:1025-01 (gpdf)
Description: 
 Array index error in the DCTStream::readProgressiveDataUnit method in
 xpdf/Stream.cc in Xpdf 3.02 with xpdf-3.02pl1.patch allows remote attackers to
 trigger memory corruption and execute arbitrary code via a crafted PDF file.
Ubuntu-Description: 
Notes: 
 jdstrand> cupsys on Ubuntu is not directly affected as it depends on
   poppler-utils or xpdf-utils.  poppler-utils is in main and gets pulled in on
   installation of cupsys.
Bugs: 
Priority: medium
Assigned-to: 
upstream_xpdf: xpdf-3.02pl2

dapper_xpdf: needed
edgy_xpdf: needed
feisty_xpdf: needed
gutsy_xpdf: needed
devel_xpdf: needed

dapper_koffice: needed
edgy_koffice: needed
feisty_koffice: needed
gutsy_koffice: needed
devel_koffice: needed

dapper_poppler: needed
edgy_poppler: needed
feisty_poppler: needed
gutsy_poppler: needed
devel_poppler: needed

dapper_textex-base: needed
edgy_textex-base: needed
feisty_textex-base: needed
gutsy_textex-base: needed
devel_textex-base: DNE

dapper_texlive-base: DNE
edgy_texlive-base: needed
feisty_texlive-base: needed
gutsy_texlive-base: needed
devel_texlive-base: needed

dapper_kdegraphics: needed
edgy_kdegraphics: needed
feisty_kdegraphics: needed
gutsy_kdegraphics: needed
devel_kdegraphics: needed

dapper_gpdf: needed
edgy_gpdf: needed
feisty_gpdf: needed
gutsy_gpdf: needed
devel_gpdf: needed

dapper_pdftohtml: needed
edgy_pdftohtml: needed
feisty_pdftohtml: DNE
gutsy_pdftohtml: DNE
devel_pdftohtml: DNE

dapper_libextractor: needed
edgy_libextractor: needed
feisty_libextractor: needed
gutsy_libextractor: needed
devel_libextractor: needed

dapper_pdfkit.framework: needed
edgy_pdfkit.framework: needed
feisty_pdfkit.framework: needed
gutsy_pdfkit.framework: DNE
devel_pdfkit.framework: DNE

dapper_ipe: needed
edgy_ipe: needed
feisty_ipe: needed
gutsy_ipe: needed
devel_ipe: needed

dapper_cupsys: not-affected
edgy_cupsys: not-affected
feisty_cupsys: not-affected
gutsy_cupsys: not-affected
devel_cupsys: not-affected
