Candidate: CVE-2015-5053
PublicDate: 2015-11-24
References:
 http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-5053
 http://nvidia.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/3802
Description:
 The host memory mapping path feature in the NVIDIA GPU graphics driver R346
 before 346.87 and R352 before 352.41 for Linux and R352 before 352.46 for
 GRID vGPU and vSGA does not properly restrict access to third-party device
 IO memory, which allows attackers to gain privileges, cause a denial of
 service (resource consumption), or possibly have unspecified other impact
 via unknown vectors related to the follow_pfn kernel-mode API call.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers: not-affected (superseded)
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers: DNE
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers: DNE
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-173:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-173: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-173: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-173: needs-triage
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-173: DNE
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-173: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-173: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-173-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-173-updates: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-173-updates: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-173-updates: DNE
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-173-updates: DNE
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-173-updates: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-173-updates: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: needs-triage
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: needs-triage
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: needs-triage
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: needs-triage
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-310-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-310-updates: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-310-updates: DNE
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-310-updates: not-affected (superseded)
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-310-updates: not-affected (superseded)
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-310-updates: not-affected (superseded)
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-310-updates: not-affected (superseded)

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-319:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-319: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-319: not-affected (superseded)
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-319: not-affected (superseded)
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-319: not-affected (superseded)
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-319: not-affected (superseded)
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-319: not-affected (superseded)

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-319-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-319-updates: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-319-updates: not-affected (superseded)
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-319-updates: not-affected (superseded)
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-319-updates: not-affected (superseded)
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-319-updates: not-affected (superseded)
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-319-updates: not-affected (superseded)

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-331:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-331: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-331: not-affected (superseded)
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-331: not-affected (superseded)
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-331: not-affected (superseded)
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-331: not-affected (superseded)
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-331: not-affected (superseded)

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-331-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-331-updates: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-331-updates: not-affected (superseded)
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-331-updates: not-affected (superseded)
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-331-updates: not-affected (superseded)
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-331-updates: not-affected (superseded)
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-331-updates: not-affected (superseded)

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: needs-triage
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: needs-triage
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: needs-triage
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: needs-triage
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-346:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-346: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-346: DNE
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-346: not-affected (superseded)
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-346: not-affected (superseded)
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-346: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-346: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-346-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-346-updates: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-346-updates: DNE
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-346-updates: not-affected (superseded)
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-346-updates: not-affected (superseded)
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-346-updates: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-346-updates: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: DNE
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: not-affected
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: not-affected
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: released (352.63-0ubuntu0.15.10.1)
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: released (352.63-0ubuntu1)

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: DNE
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: not-affected
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: not-affected
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: released (352.63-0ubuntu0.15.10.1)
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: released (352.63-0ubuntu1)

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-96:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-96: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-96: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-96: DNE
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-96: DNE
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-96: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-96: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-96-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-96-updates: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-96-updates: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-96-updates: DNE
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-96-updates: DNE
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-96-updates: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-96-updates: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-experimental-304:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-experimental-304: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-experimental-304: not-affected (superseded)
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-experimental-304: DNE
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-experimental-304: DNE
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-experimental-304: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-experimental-304: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-experimental-310:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-experimental-310: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-experimental-310: not-affected (superseded)
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-experimental-310: DNE
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-experimental-310: DNE
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-experimental-310: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-experimental-310: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-tegra:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-tegra: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-tegra: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-tegra: DNE
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-tegra: DNE
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-tegra: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-tegra: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-updates: needs-triage
precise_nvidia-graphics-drivers-updates: not-affected (superseded)
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-updates: DNE
vivid_nvidia-graphics-drivers-updates: DNE
wily_nvidia-graphics-drivers-updates: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-updates: DNE
