Candidate: CVE-2009-2720
PublicDate: 2009-08-10
References:
 http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-2720
 http://java.sun.com/javase/6/webnotes/6u15.html
Description:
 Unspecified vulnerability in the
 javax.swing.plaf.synth.SynthContext.isSubregion method in the Swing
 implementation in Sun Java SE 6 before Update 15 allows context-dependent
 attackers to cause a denial of service (NullPointerException in the Jemmy
 library) via unknown vectors.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: low
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_sun-java6:
upstream_sun-java6: needs-triage
dapper_sun-java6: DNE
hardy_sun-java6: needs-triage
intrepid_sun-java6: needs-triage
jaunty_sun-java6: needs-triage
devel_sun-java6: needs-triage

Patches_sun-java5:
upstream_sun-java5: needs-triage
dapper_sun-java5: needs-triage
hardy_sun-java5: needs-triage
intrepid_sun-java5: needs-triage
jaunty_sun-java5: needs-triage
devel_sun-java5: DNE

Patches_openjdk-6:
upstream_openjdk-6: needs-triage
dapper_openjdk-6: DNE
hardy_openjdk-6: needs-triage
intrepid_openjdk-6: needs-triage
jaunty_openjdk-6: needs-triage
devel_openjdk-6: needs-triage

Patches_java:
upstream_java: needs-triage
dapper_java: DNE
hardy_java: DNE
intrepid_java: DNE
jaunty_java: DNE
devel_java: DNE
