Candidate: CVE-2010-2089
PublicDate: 2010-05-27
References:
 http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2010-2089
 http://bugs.python.org/issue7673
Description:
 The audioop module in Python 2.7 and 3.2 does not verify the relationships
 between size arguments and byte string lengths, which allows
 context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption
 and application crash) via crafted arguments, as demonstrated by a call to
 audioop.reverse with a one-byte string, a different vulnerability than
 CVE-2010-1634.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
 mdeslaur> upstream bug report says 2.6 is affected also
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_python2.4:
upstream_python2.4: needed
dapper_python2.4: needed
hardy_python2.4: needed
jaunty_python2.4: needed
karmic_python2.4: needed
lucid_python2.4: DNE
devel_python2.4: DNE

Patches_python2.5:
upstream_python2.5: needed
dapper_python2.5: DNE
hardy_python2.5: needed
jaunty_python2.5: needed
karmic_python2.5: needed
lucid_python2.5: DNE
devel_python2.5: DNE

Patches_python2.6:
upstream_python2.6: needed
dapper_python2.6: DNE
hardy_python2.6: DNE
jaunty_python2.6: needed
karmic_python2.6: needed
lucid_python2.6: needed
devel_python2.6: needed
