Candidate: CVE-2019-2602
PublicDate: 2019-04-23
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2019-2602
Description:
 Vulnerability in the Java SE, Java SE Embedded component of Oracle Java SE
 (subcomponent: Libraries). Supported versions that are affected are Java
 SE: 7u211, 8u202, 11.0.2 and 12; Java SE Embedded: 8u201. Easily
 exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network
 access via multiple protocols to compromise Java SE, Java SE Embedded.
 Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability
 to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of Java SE,
 Java SE Embedded. Note: This vulnerability can only be exploited by
 supplying data to APIs in the specified Component without using Untrusted
 Java Web Start applications or Untrusted Java applets, such as through a
 web service. CVSS 3.0 Base Score 7.5 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector:
 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_openjdk-6:
upstream_openjdk-6: needs-triage
precise/esm_openjdk-6: DNE
trusty_openjdk-6: needs-triage
xenial_openjdk-6: DNE
bionic_openjdk-6: DNE
cosmic_openjdk-6: DNE
disco_openjdk-6: DNE
devel_openjdk-6: DNE

Patches_openjdk-7:
upstream_openjdk-7: needs-triage
precise/esm_openjdk-7: DNE
trusty_openjdk-7: needs-triage
xenial_openjdk-7: DNE
bionic_openjdk-7: DNE
cosmic_openjdk-7: DNE
disco_openjdk-7: DNE
devel_openjdk-7: DNE

Patches_openjdk-8:
upstream_openjdk-8: needs-triage
precise/esm_openjdk-8: DNE
trusty_openjdk-8: DNE
xenial_openjdk-8: needs-triage
bionic_openjdk-8: needs-triage
cosmic_openjdk-8: needs-triage
disco_openjdk-8: DNE
devel_openjdk-8: DNE

Patches_icedtea-web:
upstream_icedtea-web: needs-triage
precise/esm_icedtea-web: DNE
trusty_icedtea-web: needs-triage
xenial_icedtea-web: needs-triage
bionic_icedtea-web: needs-triage
cosmic_icedtea-web: needs-triage
disco_icedtea-web: needs-triage
devel_icedtea-web: needs-triage

Patches_openjdk-9:
upstream_openjdk-9: needs-triage
precise/esm_openjdk-9: DNE
trusty_openjdk-9: DNE
xenial_openjdk-9: needs-triage
bionic_openjdk-9: DNE
cosmic_openjdk-9: DNE
disco_openjdk-9: DNE
devel_openjdk-9: DNE

Patches_openjdk-lts:
upstream_openjdk-lts: needs-triage
precise/esm_openjdk-lts: DNE
trusty_openjdk-lts: DNE
xenial_openjdk-lts: DNE
bionic_openjdk-lts: needs-triage
cosmic_openjdk-lts: needs-triage
disco_openjdk-lts: needs-triage
devel_openjdk-lts: needs-triage

Patches_openjdk-12:
upstream_openjdk-12: needs-triage
precise/esm_openjdk-12: DNE
trusty_openjdk-12: DNE
xenial_openjdk-12: DNE
bionic_openjdk-12: DNE
cosmic_openjdk-12: DNE
disco_openjdk-12: needs-triage
devel_openjdk-12: needs-triage
