Candidate: CVE-2018-7751
PublicDate: 2018-04-24
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2018-7751
 https://git.ffmpeg.org/gitweb/ffmpeg.git/commit/a6cba062051f345e8ebfdff34aba071ed73d923f
Description:
 The svg_probe function in libavformat/img2dec.c in FFmpeg through 3.4.2
 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (Infinite Loop) via a
 crafted XML file.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:


Patches_libav:
upstream_libav: needs-triage
precise/esm_libav: DNE
trusty_libav: needs-triage
xenial_libav: DNE
artful_libav: DNE
devel_libav: DNE

Patches_ffmpeg:
upstream_ffmpeg: needs-triage
precise/esm_ffmpeg: DNE
trusty_ffmpeg: DNE
xenial_ffmpeg: needs-triage
artful_ffmpeg: needs-triage
devel_ffmpeg: needs-triage

Patches_oxide-qt:
upstream_oxide-qt: needs-triage
precise/esm_oxide-qt: DNE
trusty_oxide-qt: needs-triage
xenial_oxide-qt: needs-triage
artful_oxide-qt: needs-triage
devel_oxide-qt: DNE

Patches_mythtv:
upstream_mythtv: needs-triage
precise/esm_mythtv: DNE
trusty_mythtv: needs-triage
xenial_mythtv: needs-triage
artful_mythtv: needs-triage
devel_mythtv: needs-triage

Patches_vice:
upstream_vice: needs-triage
precise/esm_vice: DNE
trusty_vice: needs-triage
xenial_vice: needs-triage
artful_vice: needs-triage
devel_vice: needs-triage

Patches_gst-libav1.0:
upstream_gst-libav1.0: needs-triage
precise/esm_gst-libav1.0: DNE
trusty_gst-libav1.0: needs-triage
xenial_gst-libav1.0: needs-triage
artful_gst-libav1.0: needs-triage
devel_gst-libav1.0: needs-triage

Patches_mplayer:
upstream_mplayer: needs-triage
precise/esm_mplayer: DNE
trusty_mplayer: needs-triage
xenial_mplayer: needs-triage
artful_mplayer: needs-triage
devel_mplayer: needs-triage

Patches_vlc:
upstream_vlc: needs-triage
precise/esm_vlc: DNE
trusty_vlc: needs-triage
xenial_vlc: needs-triage
artful_vlc: needs-triage
devel_vlc: needs-triage
