Candidate: CVE-2018-5800
PublicDate: 2018-03-12
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2018-5800
 https://packetstormsecurity.com/files/146172/secunia-libraw.txt
Description:
 Heap-based buffer overflow in LibRaw::kodak_ycbcr_load_raw function in
 internal/dcraw_common.cpp
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_libraw:
 upstream: https://github.com/LibRaw/LibRaw/commit/8682ad204392b914ab1cc6ebcca9c27c19c1a4b4
upstream_libraw: released (0.18.7)
precise/esm_libraw: DNE
trusty_libraw: needed
xenial_libraw: needed
artful_libraw: needed
devel_libraw: not-affected (0.18.8-1)

Patches_ufraw:
upstream_ufraw: needs-triage
precise/esm_ufraw: DNE
trusty_ufraw: needs-triage
xenial_ufraw: needs-triage
artful_ufraw: needs-triage
devel_ufraw: needs-triage

Patches_darktable:
upstream_darktable: needs-triage
precise/esm_darktable: DNE
trusty_darktable: needs-triage
xenial_darktable: needs-triage
artful_darktable: needs-triage
devel_darktable: needs-triage

Patches_exactimage:
upstream_exactimage: needs-triage
precise/esm_exactimage: DNE
trusty_exactimage: needs-triage
xenial_exactimage: needs-triage
artful_exactimage: needs-triage
devel_exactimage: needs-triage

Patches_dcraw:
upstream_dcraw: needs-triage
precise/esm_dcraw: DNE
trusty_dcraw: needs-triage
xenial_dcraw: needs-triage
artful_dcraw: needs-triage
devel_dcraw: needs-triage

Patches_rawtherapee:
upstream_rawtherapee: needs-triage
precise/esm_rawtherapee: DNE
trusty_rawtherapee: needs-triage
xenial_rawtherapee: needs-triage
artful_rawtherapee: needs-triage
devel_rawtherapee: needs-triage

Patches_xbmc:
upstream_xbmc: needs-triage
precise/esm_xbmc: DNE
trusty_xbmc: needs-triage
xenial_xbmc: DNE
artful_xbmc: DNE
devel_xbmc: DNE

Patches_kodi:
upstream_kodi: needs-triage
precise/esm_kodi: DNE
trusty_kodi: DNE
xenial_kodi: needs-triage
artful_kodi: needs-triage
devel_kodi: needs-triage
