Candidate: CVE-2019-9740
PublicDate: 2019-03-12
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2019-9740
 https://bugs.python.org/issue36276
 https://bugs.python.org/issue30458
Description:
 An issue was discovered in urllib2 in Python 2.x through 2.7.16 and urllib
 in Python 3.x through 3.7.2. CRLF injection is possible if the attacker
 controls a url parameter, as demonstrated by the first argument to
 urllib.request.urlopen with \r\n followed by an HTTP header or a Redis
 command.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_python2.7:
upstream_python2.7: needs-triage
precise/esm_python2.7: needs-triage
trusty_python2.7: needs-triage
xenial_python2.7: needs-triage
bionic_python2.7: needs-triage
cosmic_python2.7: needs-triage
devel_python2.7: needs-triage

Patches_python3.4:
upstream_python3.4: needs-triage
precise/esm_python3.4: DNE
trusty_python3.4: needs-triage
xenial_python3.4: DNE
bionic_python3.4: DNE
cosmic_python3.4: DNE
devel_python3.4: DNE

Patches_python3.5:
upstream_python3.5: needs-triage
precise/esm_python3.5: DNE
trusty_python3.5: needs-triage
xenial_python3.5: needs-triage
bionic_python3.5: DNE
cosmic_python3.5: DNE
devel_python3.5: DNE

Patches_python3.6:
upstream_python3.6: needs-triage
precise/esm_python3.6: DNE
trusty_python3.6: DNE
xenial_python3.6: DNE
bionic_python3.6: needs-triage
cosmic_python3.6: needs-triage
devel_python3.6: DNE

Patches_python3.7:
upstream_python3.7: needs-triage
precise/esm_python3.7: DNE
trusty_python3.7: DNE
xenial_python3.7: DNE
bionic_python3.7: needs-triage
cosmic_python3.7: needs-triage
devel_python3.7: needs-triage

Patches_python-urllib3:
upstream_python-urllib3: needs-triage
precise/esm_python-urllib3: DNE
trusty_python-urllib3: needs-triage
xenial_python-urllib3: needs-triage
bionic_python-urllib3: needs-triage
cosmic_python-urllib3: needs-triage
devel_python-urllib3: needs-triage
