Candidate: CVE-2017-13735
PublicDate: 2017-08-29
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-13735
 https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1483988
Description:
 There is a floating point exception in the kodak_radc_load_raw function in
 dcraw_common.cpp in LibRaw 0.18.2. It will lead to a remote denial of
 service attack.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:

Patches_libraw:
 upstream: https://github.com/LibRaw/LibRaw/commit/d13e8f6d1e987b7491182040a188c16a395f1d21
upstream_libraw: needs-triage
precise/esm_libraw: DNE
trusty_libraw: needed
vivid/ubuntu-core_libraw: DNE
xenial_libraw: needed
zesty_libraw: needed
devel_libraw: needed

Patches_ufraw:
upstream_ufraw: needs-triage
precise/esm_ufraw: DNE
trusty_ufraw: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_ufraw: DNE
xenial_ufraw: needs-triage
zesty_ufraw: needs-triage
devel_ufraw: needs-triage

Patches_darktable:
upstream_darktable: needs-triage
precise/esm_darktable: DNE
trusty_darktable: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_darktable: DNE
xenial_darktable: needs-triage
zesty_darktable: needs-triage
devel_darktable: needs-triage

Patches_exactimage:
upstream_exactimage: needs-triage
precise/esm_exactimage: DNE
trusty_exactimage: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_exactimage: DNE
xenial_exactimage: needs-triage
zesty_exactimage: needs-triage
devel_exactimage: needs-triage

Patches_dcraw:
upstream_dcraw: needs-triage
precise/esm_dcraw: DNE
trusty_dcraw: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_dcraw: DNE
xenial_dcraw: needs-triage
zesty_dcraw: needs-triage
devel_dcraw: needs-triage

Patches_rawtherapee:
upstream_rawtherapee: needs-triage
precise/esm_rawtherapee: DNE
trusty_rawtherapee: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_rawtherapee: DNE
xenial_rawtherapee: needs-triage
zesty_rawtherapee: needs-triage
devel_rawtherapee: needs-triage

Patches_xbmc:
upstream_xbmc: needs-triage
precise/esm_xbmc: DNE
trusty_xbmc: needs-triage
vivid/ubuntu-core_xbmc: DNE
xenial_xbmc: DNE
zesty_xbmc: DNE
devel_xbmc: DNE

Patches_kodi:
upstream_kodi: needs-triage
precise/esm_kodi: DNE
trusty_kodi: DNE
vivid/ubuntu-core_kodi: DNE
xenial_kodi: needs-triage
zesty_kodi: needs-triage
devel_kodi: needs-triage
